hi i am cj and today i will not look mysterious and one
What I'm going to look for is a piece of land for my little ranch that yesterday already robbed the bank
and I've been seeing a place for the government that hart that I think is a good
place
but I could not see well because of the poor quality they have and windows 95
that's why I'm going to see
Haas will wonder why I do not climb the fucking cable car
is that I do not want to park the mobile car in the parking lot
what if it is stolen or something is not better to climb with him
what the fuck they laugh
mobile karl hair
good if you called my car or have a problem
because if they do not have let me know, it happens to see and changed the name
to
It took me a lot to steal it
I say buy it heh I was wrong shit while a song came
the street a turbulent
did not improve traesa is very stupid
I can sing of everything except reggeton is bullshit
there is like water in the air like water
shit a house they will already have begun to invade here
so I'm not the only one in invasion plans fuck
now it has some aluminum sheets next to the house
stole them when it's nighttime saves me more real to equip my house
I'm already close to
here I will not make my house like there are people
I'm just going to park my mobile car
Fuck I'll have to go to Pato Fuck Good No matter it's better
in some way
look at another car, I'm going to explode it with my new bazooka
siri and I just bought it that proves that I am but maniac xd
pyromaniac or geek
one of the two things xd
or the two jajajajajajajajajajaja is better
aaa but what idiots or today
I exploded the car with a clipped shotgun when I said I was going to explode it with
bazooka
shit now for those who do not know who explained maniac the pyromaniacs are
the obsessed by the egg
I say fire they like to burn things and so on and the geeks are the
obsessed by the little games like gt a san andreas
final fantasy 1 2 3 4 5 6 and the best the 7
the geeks do not think of anything else but in pure little games
there is a world out there look for a whore a friend of flesh and blood in
time to think of a full tense two or what do I know
think of people
But that's beside the point
to ana like I'm a bit dry
and it's not the thirst
is that my epiphany puppy died
sad face sad face sad face sad face sad sad face
very sad face
when I get under the bridge where I live
I saw a guy stepping on him if I see him killed him and stepped on him too so that
be serious fuck because you do not step on your cock
fuck now I walk more just shit
well it does not matter I got here
It is the perfect place
I'm still going to explode with my arm face pun pun pun take pun pun
pun takes
fuck no or go fuck
jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja that's what you owe
how will the corpse be
let's see the place is around here we are close
but what the fuck is that
better focused it with the 20 megapixel xd camera
shit but it's the bastard who killed epiphany
charge had more asshole
I was the one who killed the welker epiphany
the dog is the shit to do is a tremendous load on top of me fuck
it was also for bribery
I say revenge because you killed my uncle pine pine cousin
and they charged me 20 bolivars for going to the funeral
so you have real
and that I was going to know that I had killed your uncle cousin cousin cousin
the guy was more famous than me fuck
it came out on magazine covers on the internet and in many places
I had to kill him
and why the fuck do not I hurt you when I shoot you
you're more geek than me or what
is that I recovered 65 who accused bulletproof
and with those Corsican whore blows you give me - six years ago
jajajajajajajajaja
fuck better I'll turn your ass on fire so it's better hahahahahaha
now to that is my weak point cobain and I my ass burns downward
what the fuck did you say do not listen to what I heard is from your ass
hahahahahahaha i can not stand fuck
no asshole did not say anything better eat shit now aena
but go to play like your dog epiphany jajajajajajajajajajajaja
broom eta are repeated and honest
this is between you and me
it's personal
dies the fish jajajajajajajajajajajaja problem for them not even for
sell alcohol ha ha
Of course, just look at how I throw you my explosive onions
Miñano is going to endorse vehicle stay as for vehicles
where do you think you're screwed
then you say I can not kill someone for bribery
I say revenge xd
you do not see that I burn my ass coal
why do not you go down gay to throw us some hands
it is not ruled out
if you only know is to run and shoot
what part of the 65 8 bulletproof alekos do not understand
I do not understand the part of 6 and 5 is that he failed math
since ninth grade they fucked me in that fucking stuff
now I know that I need but good that matters
it depends Thursday you give me a kiss to ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
You will not kill me
jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
fuck I give laughter to the retarded this
How pathetic I am
6 boosted jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
yes yes if he was wrong with jo jo jo jo jo ho jo jo jo and ju ju ju ju ju ju ju ju
ju ju ju ju ju
p of this asshole
explosive onion for ass
has praised yes or yes or yes
I am milk
jajajajajaja already sells you epiphany
but what a bad thing that I can not keep up with stepping on this asshole
my new shoes fuck
but good now riether
cabron hehe
another plane nothing bazooka shop a pom good point it's time to leave it's already late
I'm going on the mobile karl
fuck though it will not count as a mystery
now counts as one hehe
well before I leave I'll send a greeting to the fatima
long head windy the gasper to suck
I say anamar xd and oriana that I have not forgotten about you xd
well your friend says goodbye what you did not take from 1995